README.md, before:

# BISK Options Plugin
```
Contributors: martin-wedepohl
Tags: BISK
Requires at least: 4.7
Tested up to: 5.3.2
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 0.1.7
License: GPLv2
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
```

## Description
This plugin will provide all the options, custom post types and shortcodes required for the BISK website.

## Installation
**To install from your WordPress site**
1. Log in to your WordPress dashboard, navigate to the Plugins menu and click Add New.
2. Click Upload Plugin
3. Click Choose File to navigate to the plugin zipped file
4. Click Install Now
5. Once the plugin has been installed click the Activate link

**Configure plugin for first use**
After the plugin has been installed and activated, go to the settings page for the plugin and enter all the required options

## Frequently Asked Questions
### Where can I find support?
If you get struck, or have any questions, you can email Martin Wedepohl <martin@wedepohlengineering.com> or go to https://github.com/martin-wedepohl/bisk-options-plugin and open a new Issue.

### I am a developer. Can I help improve the plugin?
Of course! This plugin is open sourced on Martin Wedepohl GitHub. You can find the code and contribution instructions at https://github.com/martin-wedepohl/bisk-options-plugin.

## Changelog ##

### 2020-01-19 version 0.1.8 ###
* Enhancement: Minor formatting change to bisk_opening_date shortcode
* Enhancement: Added information link from plugins page
* Enhancement: Use tabs for information page

### 2020-01-19 version 0.1.7 ###
* FIX: Removed debugging print that was causing server error

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.6 ###
* Added instructions on how to use the plugin
* Updated the language pot file

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.5 ###
* Actually update the plugin version in the config file

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.4 ###
* Formatting changes to README.md

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.3 ###
* Added closed for the season options

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.2 ###
* Added Stand Up Paddle Board Cost

### 2020-01-11 version 0.1.1 ###
* Added options for lessons

### 2020-01-11 version 0.1.0 ###
* Original issue

Commit message:

0.1.9 FIX: Only check one tab in instructions FIX: Ensure that a valid array index is present before using it

README.md, after:

# BISK Options Plugin
```
Contributors: martin-wedepohl
Tags: BISK
Requires at least: 4.7
Tested up to: 5.3.2
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 0.1.9
License: GPLv2
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
```

## Description
This plugin will provide all the options, custom post types and shortcodes required for the BISK website.

## Installation
**To install from your WordPress site**
1. Log in to your WordPress dashboard, navigate to the Plugins menu and click Add New.
2. Click Upload Plugin
3. Click Choose File to navigate to the plugin zipped file
4. Click Install Now
5. Once the plugin has been installed click the Activate link

**Configure plugin for first use**
After the plugin has been installed and activated, go to the settings page for the plugin and enter all the required options

## Frequently Asked Questions
### Where can I find support?
If you get struck, or have any questions, you can email Martin Wedepohl <martin@wedepohlengineering.com> or go to https://github.com/martin-wedepohl/bisk-options-plugin and open a new Issue.

### I am a developer. Can I help improve the plugin?
Of course! This plugin is open sourced on Martin Wedepohl GitHub. You can find the code and contribution instructions at https://github.com/martin-wedepohl/bisk-options-plugin.

## Changelog ##

### 2020-01-19 version 0.1.9 ###
* FIX: Only check one tab in instructions
* FIX: Ensure that a valid array index is present before using it

### 2020-01-19 version 0.1.8 ###
* Enhancement: Minor formatting change to bisk_opening_date shortcode
* Enhancement: Added information link from plugins page
* Enhancement: Use tabs for information page

### 2020-01-19 version 0.1.7 ###
* FIX: Removed debugging print that was causing server error

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.6 ###
* Added instructions on how to use the plugin
* Updated the language pot file

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.5 ###
* Actually update the plugin version in the config file

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.4 ###
* Formatting changes to README.md

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.3 ###
* Added closed for the season options

### 2020-01-18 version 0.1.2 ###
* Added Stand Up Paddle Board Cost

### 2020-01-11 version 0.1.1 ###
* Added options for lessons

### 2020-01-11 version 0.1.0 ###
* Original issue
